Hello and welcome back to the course on deep learning today we're talking about contract of art and
cutters.
This is going to be a very quick tutorial just to introduce the concept and then we'll advise some further
reading where you can dig deeper into it.
So contract of art and colors.
It's this is another regularisation technique just like sparse out in coder's and diagnosing and coder's
which is designed to combat the problem when we have an over complete hidden layer in the ancora like
we have here.
So the problem we have is that the undercoating can just simply take the inputs copy them into the hidden
Lehren and copy them into the output before it actually learning any valuable feature extraction in
its training.
And that's what we wanted to do.
We wanted to be able to extract features.
And so what the contract about and code does is it leverages the whole process this whole training process
where information goes through the eyes and color.
Then we get the outputs and then compare to the inputs.
Well constructive and corners they add a penalty into this last function that that's going back through
the has been propagated by the network and it specifically doesn't allow the Ardern caller to simply
just copy these values across.
How it works how we're not going to go into detail on that because it is very complex.
There's quite a lot of math behind it and we're just going to recommend a wonderful article here by
Saala reify.
It's called contract out and Koehler's explicit environs during feature extraction.
And what I also wanted to mention is that this article has quite a lot of authors has I think five authors
and one of them is Yoshio banjo.
So quite an in-depth study into the topic.
So from this tutorial.
The takeaway is that there is such a thing as contrastive on encoders and based actually on this article.
They say that they can even get better results than noises outturn callers on some certain data sets.
And so it's just important to be aware of the fact that contract of encoders exist.
And if you ever need to dig deeper into contract phone or if you would like to learn more about them
then this is the best place to get started this basic paper by Saala reify and others including Yoshio
banjo and that's it for today.
I look for see you next time.
Until then enjoy learning.